DOCS-1290: Document what data actions owners and operators can take (#2133)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/fleet/rbac.md

| Train models                        | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes** on data they have access to           | No                | **Yes** on data they have access to           | No             |
| Upload organization models/packages | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**                                       | No                | **Yes**                                       | No             |
| View organization models/packages   | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**                                       | No                | **Yes**                                       | No             |
| Use organization models/packages    | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**                                       | No                | **Yes**                                       | No             |
| Delete organization models/packages | **Yes**   | No           | No                                            | No                | No                                            | No             |
| Export data with the CLI or the app | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes\***                                     | No                | **Yes\*\***                                   | No             |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| See dataset names | Can see all names in current org | No | Can see all names in current org | No | Can see all names in current org | No |
| Click into datasets / load them | Can click into dataset and see all data in it | No | Can see the data in the dataset that they have permission to access | No | Can see the data in the dataset that they have permission to access | No |
| Create new dataset | **Yes** | No | **Yes** | No | **Yes** | No |
| Rename dataset | **Yes** | No | No | No | No | No |
| Delete dataset | **Yes** | No | No | No | No | No |
| Add images to dataset | **Yes** | No | Can add images they have permissions on | No | Can add images they have permissions on | No |
| Remove image from dataset | **Yes** | No | Can remove images in the dataset that they can see | No | Can remove images in the dataset that they can see | No |
| Train on dataset | **Yes** | No | Trains on the portion of the dataset that they have access to | No | Trains on the portion of the dataset that they have access to | No |

```

| Edit {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}} name | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**                        | No                | **Yes**     | No             |
| Restart the robot                                             | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**                        | No                | **Yes**     | No             |
| Edit a robot config (including data capture and sync)         | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**                        | No                | **Yes**     | No             |

### Locations

Permissions for managing {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="location" text="locations" >}} are as follows:

| Permissions                                                 | Org owner                                                      | Org operator | Location owner                                                 | Location operator | Robot owner | Robot operator |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------- | -------------- |

> | Edit location info (rename, change secret, delete location) | **Yes**                                                        | No           | **Yes** for this and any child locations                       | No                | No          | No             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Edit location info (rename, delete location) | **Yes**                                                        | No           | **Yes** for this and any child locations                       | No                | No          | No             |
```

| Create a new robot                                          | **Yes**                                                        | No           | **Yes** in this and any child locations                        | No                | No          | No             |
| Move the location (to new parent location)                  | **Yes**                                                        | No           | **Yes**, to other locations they have access to                | No                | No          | No             |
| Create a new location in the organization                   | **Yes**                                                        | No           | No                                                             | No                | No          | No             |

> | View location secret                                        | **Yes**                                                        | No           | **Yes**                                                        | No                | No          | No             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: "Role Based Access Control"

> linkTitle: "RBAC"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "Access Control"
```

Then either change the role of the user from owner to operator with the drop down or click on **Limit access** and change the resource the user has access.

You can also remote the user by clicking on **Remove user**.

{{< imgproc alt="The user invitation menu on the Organization settings page." src="/manage/app-usage/limit-access.png" resize="800x" declaredimensions=true >}}

For more information on the permissions the roles assign for each resource, see [Permissions](/manage/fleet/rbac/#permissions).

### Grant additional access

To grant additional access to a user, first open the access settings for the user by clicking on the user.
Then either change the role of the user from operator to owner with the drop down or click on **Grant additional access** and change the resource the user has access.

{{< imgproc alt="The user invitation menu on the Organization settings page." src="/manage/app-usage/grant-access.png" resize="800x" declaredimensions=true >}}

For more information on the permissions the roles assign for each resource, see [Permissions](/manage/fleet/rbac/#permissions).

{{< alert title="Note" color="note" >}}

> The option to grant additional access is only visible if the user can be granted additional access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The option to grant additional access is only visible if you can grant the user additional access.
```

{{< /alert >}}

## Permissions

The following sections describe the permissions for each user role when it comes to managing robots, locations, organizations, fragments, and data.

### Robots

Permissions for managing {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="robot" text="robots" >}} are as follows:

| Permissions                                                   | Org owner | Org operator | Location owner                 | Location operator | Robot owner | Robot operator |
| ------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------------ | ------------------------------ | ----------------- | ----------- | -------------- |
| Control the robot from the **Control** tab                    | **Yes**   | **Yes**      | **Yes**                        | **Yes**           | **Yes**     | **Yes**        |
| See all tabs (such as **Config** and **Logs**)                | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**                        | No                | **Yes**     | No             |

> | Move a robot to a new location                                | **Yes**   | No           | **Yes**, to locations they own | No                | **Yes**     | No             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
